Updated client with newest schema (#77)
team-plain/typescript-sdk: .changeset/famous-gorillas-switch.md

---
'@team-plain/typescript-sdk': minor
---

> Removed previewText from CreateThreadInput, add description to CreateThreadInput, Thread

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update CreateThreadInput to take a `description` vs a `previewText`
```
